Comet integration (#2)
ammaddd/stylegan2: README.md

For other configurations, see `python run_training.py --help`.

run_training.py supports logging of weights, hyperparameters, losses. If you wan't to use it add --comet=true .

> Make sure to configure comet.ml (Get configuration details from https://www.comet.ml/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to configure comet.ml. You can get more information on Comet configuration options from:
[comet.ml/docs/python-sdk/advanced/](https://www.comet.ml/docs/python-sdk/advanced/#python-configuration)
```
